BookB-Pset_GeoScienceModelCommon (#631)
bSI-InfraRoom/IFC-Specification: IFC4x3/Properties/o/Organization_0Ksewl9eXCOBb5HfyICi72/Documentation.md

> Name of the author(s), according to ISO 19115 terminology.

Reviewer: This description seems wrong.

Reviewer 2: Please change the description to "Name of the organizations/authors"

> Name of the author(s), according to ISO 19115 terminology.

Author: ```suggestion
Name of the organizations/authors, according to ISO 19115 terminology.
```
